Hi guys, how are you? All my blood, I hope.
yea
I'm coming here for another video today.
teach the 6 how to make these blocks
very practical range does not have much
The secret is to do so I liked and help
advertise my video and help me too
so you take it with me then neither with me
What the hell do you need?
make this snowflake be precise
from a template that template I'm using
I voted for a paper card and paper
contact over to him that fit smooth
But you too may be doing
this mold on the plate that like silverware
also will serve and I think
any surface that is that I
I'm using this one and pass paper.
contact it is very visible
besides the mold we will be using
also liquid soap any soap
liquid
scissors scissors white glue glue
white vote also using glitter and
glitter no way you want to dare
also online
my grandmother will use brush brush will notice using
hot glue hot glue and glue also okay
We're the little stick in the gun.
of hot glue depending on how much
You 're going to need it.
enough of this then you need both
things
to start with the mold
you will get the liquid soap and apply
a little a bit and this is not only
a little droplet does not have to be much
There you come, spread all over the place.
outline of the drawing may fail like this
all
ae
Then you 'll start applying here.
passed on
Then you will start to apply well.
So we'll apply it on top.
design todinho
You will be filling is filling the
whole drawing with hot glue
well after they 're done it's pretty easy to
the withdrawal if you just let go here
it goes and sunshine also easily goes
pulling it loose releasing to
stay like this
Then you will see with the scissors and it will
take the excesses you have here
What gets done
good
After you've done that, you'll come with a
bit of the line c takes one size
So you think the country is
enough because there you get a
a little bit of the glue and pass back here
passed comes with the thread and finally puts
to put yes
then he will stay here O pasted it will
stay here I've already separated here was already king
here as you can see for me
the sauber peter moura that we will go
the rain comes with a little bit of
glue and passing over the flock in
assen
I come with the brush and I'm spreading
all focus
twitter and closing
How she had a son is going to stay now.
I'll do with a